---
layout: page
title: Imprint
description: "the legal stuff"
permalink: /imprint/
---

# Contact

Franz Becker<br/>
Falkenried 95<br/>
20251 Hamburg<br/>

email: blog@franzbecker.io<br/>
url: http://www.franzbecker.io<br/>


Person responsible for content in accordance with 55 Abs. 2 RStV:<br/>
Franz Becker, Falkenried 95, 20251 Hamburg

# Disclaimer

### Liability for content
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per §§ 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).

### Liability for links
Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.

### Copyright
Our web pages and their contents are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (§ 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (§ 106 of the copyright law).

Example code snippets in blog posts are published under [Creative Commons Zero](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) which means you can copy, modify, distribute and use the code for free, including commercial purposes, without asking permission from or providing attribution to this site.

The code of this blog [itself](https://github.com/franzbecker/franzbecker.github.io) is published under the [MIT license]({{ site.baseurl }}/license).

# <a name="privacy"></a>Privacy policy

### Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website are usually transferred to a Google server in the US and stored there.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

Use of Google analytics on this website is configured with IP anonymization: your IP address will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and is shortened.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your usage of this website (including your IP address) from being conveyed to and processed by Google by downloading and installing a browser plug-in available through the following link: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]()

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
